---
layout: post
title:  "European C Group Curling Championship 2013"
author: Tomaž
categories: news
---

So tomorrow morning we embark on our long car ride to Tarnby, Denmark. There we will take part in the European C Group Curling Championship. Our plan is to play as good as we are able too and we hope that it will be sufficient for one of the first two places. That would mean we get to play in the B group in a month or so.

The first game will be played on Tuesday morning (8:00AM) against Romania. But we will not be sitting on our behinds doing nothing. We plan to arrive in Tarnby around midnight. Then on Sunday we have scheduled ice times for training in the Gentofte curling club.
On Monday we must attend the team meeting where the Umpires and Organizers will explain everything about the tournament. Then in the evening we have our first practices on the competition ice sheets and we will try to learn as much about the ice as possible.

For now this is it. On Tuesday the scoreboard below will be live and anyone can see how we are doing. 

Hopefully we will be able to make regular updates. Wish us luck.

<script src="http://tomymmx.github.io/curlingScores/assets/js/pingviniLive.js"></script>
<div id="liveScore_POnorARL"></div>

The second game was against Wales. It was a really intensive game with some world class shots. We all really enyojed it. Probably because we also won:D
<div id="liveScore_n30GZVyK"></div>

Update 1 (11.10.2013):
So we were a bit lazy updating this post. Our performance at the tournament until now was quite good. We lost one more game, but won 4. After the round robin we placed third and will be playing Serbia for the chance to play for the second place.
The results of the 5 games were as following:

<div id="liveScore_fmqZWaaf"></div>

<div id="liveScore_iimaWQKw"></div>

<div id="liveScore_zT9RCNWQ"></div>

<div id="liveScore_vC2ZmkpL"></div>

<div id="liveScore_TCsqGTpp"></div>


